2.1. Text detection
In this stage,since there is no prior information on whether or not the input image contains any text, the existence or non-existence of text in the image must be determined. Several approaches assume that certain types of video frame or image contain text. This is a common assumption for scanned images (e.g., compact disk cases or book covers). However,in the case of video,the number of frames containing text is much smaller than the number of frames without text.

The text detection stage seeks to detect the presence of text in a given image. Kim [1] selected a frame from shots detected by a scene-change detection method as a candidate containing text. Although Kim’s scene-change detection method is not described in detail in his paper, he does mention that very low threshold values are needed for scene-change detection because the portion occupied by a text region relative to the whole image is usually small. This approach is very sensitive to scene-change detection. Text-frame selection is performed at an interval of 2 s for caption text in the detected scene frames. This can be a simple and efficient solution for video indexing applications that only need key words from video clips, rather than the entire text.

Smith and Kanade [7] defined a scene change based on the difference between two consecutive frames and then used this scene-change information for text detection. They achieved an accuracy of 90% in scene-change detection. Gargi et al. [29,32] performed text detection using the assumption that the number of intracoded blocks in P- and B-frames of an MPEG compressed video increases, when a text caption appears. Lim et al. [33] made a simple assumption that text usually has a higher intensity than the background. They counted the number of pixels that are lighter than a pre-defined threshold value and exhibited a significant color difference relative to their neighborhood, and regarded a frame with a large number of such pixels as a text frame. This method is extremely simple and fast. However, problems can occur with color-reversed text. In our opinion, researchers have not given much attention to the text detection stage, mainly because most applications of TIE are related to scanned images, such as book covers, compact disk cases, postal envelopes, etc. which are supposed to include text. However, when dealing with video data, the text detection stage is indispensable to the overall system for reducing the time complexity. If a text localization module (see Section 2.2) can operate in real time; it can also be used for detecting the presence of text. Zhong et al. [27] and Antani et al. [28] performed text localization on compressed images,which resulted in a faster performance. Therefore, their text localizers could also be used for text detection. The text detection stage is closely related to the text localization and text tracking stages, which will be discussed in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, respectively.

2.2. Text localization
According to the features utilized, text localization methods can be categorized into two types: region-based and texture-based. Section 2.2.3 deals with text localization in compressed domain. Methods that overlap the two approaches or are diCcult to categorize are described in Section 2.2.4. For reference, the performance measures (computation time and localization rate) are presented for eachapproach based on experimental results whenever available.